README.md, before:

# victor-1.6-rebuild

Welcome to `victor-1.6-rebuild`. This is where my modifed 1.6 source for Vector lives

## Changes from regular 1.6

- Add Vector 2.0 support
- Good looking Vector 2.0 eyes (Used from WireOS)
- Backport Custom Eye Colors from 1.8
- Picovoice 1.5 (Code used from WireOS)
- Fixed path planning to stop head bobbing loop
- BinaryEyes when leaving charger
- Added the previously unused second timer end beep animation
- Unintentional and Intentional performances
- Improved Japanese TTS voice
- Upped temprature limit for Vector 2.0
- Rainbow Eyes!
- Petting Lights (Code from WireOS but petting colors are mine)

## Building (Linux)

 - Prereqs: Make sure you have `docker` and `git-lfs` installed.

1. Clone the repo and cd into it:

```
cd ~
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Switch-modder/victor-1.6-rebuild -b Main
cd victor-1.6-rebuild
```

2. Make sure you can run Docker as a normal user. This will probably involve:

```
sudo groupadd docker
sudo gpasswd -a $USER docker
newgrp docker
sudo chown root:docker /var/run/docker.sock
sudo chmod 660 /var/run/docker.sock
```

3. Run the build script:
```
cd ~/victor-1.6-rebuild
./wire/build-d.sh
```

3. It should just work! The output will be in `./_build/vicos/Release/`

## Building (Intel macOS)

 - Prereqs: Make sure you have [brew](https://brew.sh/) installed.
   -  Then: `brew install pyenv git-lfs ccache wget`

1. Clone the repo and cd into it:

```
cd ~
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Switch-modder/victor-1.6-rebuild -b Main
cd victor-1.6-rebuild
```

2. Set up Python 2:

```
pyenv install 2.7.18
pyenv init
```

- Add the following to both ~/.zshrc and ~/.zprofile. After doing so, run the commands in your terminal session:
```
export PYENV_ROOT="$HOME/.pyenv"
[[ -d $PYENV_ROOT/bin ]] && export PATH="$PYENV_ROOT/bin:$PATH"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"
pyenv shell 2.7.18
```

3. Disable security:

```
sudo spctl --master-disable
sudo spctl --global-disable
```
- You will have to head to `System Settings -> Security & Privacy -> Allow applications from` and select "Anywhere".


4. Run the build script:
```
cd ~/victor-1.6-rebuild
./wire/build.sh
```

5. It should just work! The output will be in `./_build/vicos/Release/`

## Deploying

1. Echo your robot's IP address to robot_ip.txt (in the root of the victor repo):

```
echo 192.168.1.150 > robot_ip.txt
```

2. Copy your bot's SSH key to a file called `robot_sshkey` in the root of this repo.

3. Run:

```
# Linux
./wire/deploy-d.sh

# macOS
./wire/deploy.sh
```

<small><sub><sup>DDL, if you're reading this, sosumi.</sup></sub></small>

Commit message:

Yeah there likely won’t be many updates anymore

README.md, after:

# Project slowdown notice
School is gonna be starting for me soon in the next few weeks so I won't have time to work on Viccyware or 1.6-rebuild much anymore. Updates will still come but be much smaller and less often. Sorry about that but some things have to happen.

-- Raj-jyot / Ellie

# victor-1.6-rebuild

Welcome to `victor-1.6-rebuild`. This is where my modifed 1.6 source for Vector lives

## Changes from regular 1.6

- Add Vector 2.0 support
- Good looking Vector 2.0 eyes (Used from WireOS)
- Backport Custom Eye Colors from 1.8
- Picovoice 1.5 (Code used from WireOS)
- Fixed path planning to stop head bobbing loop
- BinaryEyes when leaving charger
- Added the previously unused second timer end beep animation
- Unintentional and Intentional performances
- Improved Japanese TTS voice
- Upped temprature limit for Vector 2.0
- Rainbow Eyes!
- Petting Lights (Code from WireOS but petting colors are mine)

## Building (Linux)

 - Prereqs: Make sure you have `docker` and `git-lfs` installed.

1. Clone the repo and cd into it:

```
cd ~
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Switch-modder/victor-1.6-rebuild -b Main
cd victor-1.6-rebuild
```

2. Make sure you can run Docker as a normal user. This will probably involve:

```
sudo groupadd docker
sudo gpasswd -a $USER docker
newgrp docker
sudo chown root:docker /var/run/docker.sock
sudo chmod 660 /var/run/docker.sock
```

3. Run the build script:
```
cd ~/victor-1.6-rebuild
./wire/build-d.sh
```

3. It should just work! The output will be in `./_build/vicos/Release/`

## Building (Intel macOS)

 - Prereqs: Make sure you have [brew](https://brew.sh/) installed.
   -  Then: `brew install pyenv git-lfs ccache wget`

1. Clone the repo and cd into it:

```
cd ~
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Switch-modder/victor-1.6-rebuild -b Main
cd victor-1.6-rebuild
```

2. Set up Python 2:

```
pyenv install 2.7.18
pyenv init
```

- Add the following to both ~/.zshrc and ~/.zprofile. After doing so, run the commands in your terminal session:
```
export PYENV_ROOT="$HOME/.pyenv"
[[ -d $PYENV_ROOT/bin ]] && export PATH="$PYENV_ROOT/bin:$PATH"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"
pyenv shell 2.7.18
```

3. Disable security:

```
sudo spctl --master-disable
sudo spctl --global-disable
```
- You will have to head to `System Settings -> Security & Privacy -> Allow applications from` and select "Anywhere".


4. Run the build script:
```
cd ~/victor-1.6-rebuild
./wire/build.sh
```

5. It should just work! The output will be in `./_build/vicos/Release/`

## Deploying

1. Echo your robot's IP address to robot_ip.txt (in the root of the victor repo):

```
echo 192.168.1.150 > robot_ip.txt
```

2. Copy your bot's SSH key to a file called `robot_sshkey` in the root of this repo.

3. Run:

```
# Linux
./wire/deploy-d.sh

# macOS
./wire/deploy.sh
```

<small><sub><sup>DDL, if you're reading this, sosumi.</sup></sub></small>
